Port MASTG-TEST-0052 (by @guardsquare) (#3045)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-STORAGE/MASTG-TEST-0302.md

---
platform: ios
title: Sensitive Data Unencrypted in Private Storage Files
id: MASTG-TEST-0302
type: [dynamic, filesystem]
prerequisites:
- identify-sensitive-data
profiles: [L2]
weakness: MASWE-0006

> best-practices: [MASTG-BEST-00xx]

Author: ```suggestion
best-practices: [MASTG-BEST-0024]
```

---

## Overview

> This test is designed to complement @MASTG-TEST-0x52-2. Instead of monitoring APIs during execution, it performs a differential analysis of the app's private storage (@MASTG-KNOW-0108) by comparing snapshots taken before and after exercising the app. It also enumerates Keychain items created or modified during the session.

Author: It's MASTG-TEST-0301, right?
```suggestion
This test is designed to complement @MASTG-TEST-0301. Instead of monitoring APIs during execution, it performs a differential analysis of the app's private storage (@MASTG-KNOW-0108) by comparing snapshots taken before and after exercising the app. It also enumerates Keychain items created or modified during the session.
```
